1)
With the cub3D/wolfeinstein/old_doom graphics, a game with several randomly generated labyrinths.
			If too difficult, some top-down with field of view. => would allow for easier light fading management.
			Alternatively, some fire emblem style game could also be used with the same modules as below.
Labyrinths will contain both monsters and loots.
A lobby where you can see other players and communicate with them through chat
A solo version where there will be just several labyrinths in a chain with single connections between one and the next with increased difficulties each time until a final boss.
A multiplayer option following the same pattern but with bigger and harder levels with cooperation as the goal.
A multiplayer option with several initial labyrinths, each individual/team starting in a different one. The numbers of different labyrinths will diminish each level, resulting in PVP whenever encounters occur, with a timer for preventing camping in the early levels to annoy people.
Customizable characters with a default available for when textures issues creep out.

WEB
0~2	frontend/backend frameworks (not sure, need research)
2	real-time features
2	Chat, profile, friends
0~1	ORM for database
0~1	custom-made design system should be possible

ACCESSIBILITY AND INTERNATIONALIZATION
0~1	Language should be easy

USER MANAGEMENT
2	User management and authentification
1	Game stats
2	Organization system (could be useful to facilitate matchmaking for tournament or something)

ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE
0~1	auto chat moderation

CYBERSECURITY
X Nothing thought of yet

GAMING AND USER EXPERIENCE
2	complete web-based game with PVP option
2	remote players
2	multiplayer game
0~1	Advanced chat features (should be feasible)
1	Game customization options for solo and coop would be easy.
1	level system on one labyrinth dive, achievements, badges, leaderboards, rewards in the form of character customization options for either achievements or leaderboards.

DEVOPS
X Nothing thought of yet

DATA AND ANALYTICS
X Nothing thought of yet

BLOCKCHAIN
X Nothing thought of yet





TOTAL
17~24		More than sufficient, can afford to give up on things.
